hey it's keith are you doing I'm going
to make a little tea for the mid
afternoon I can already did a little bit
of this recipe before I'm going to like
kind of do it again because it's such a
great way to take tea and it makes the
tea just really rich and kind of like a
dessert so what I did first was the base
of the tea is infusion gynostemma tea
from mountain rose herbs I've talked
about final stem a lot already if you
want to watch one of my other videos
where I read out of Ron tea gardens
ancient wisdom of the Chinese tonic
herbs on or you could just google it the
other one is a rooibos red rooibos tea
from Africa also from mountain rose
herbs and I just took a big pinch like
that I both put it in hot water three
minutes is good so string this off
here
okay and then I'm basically just going
to take the calves and open them up and
this really is the best way to take any
herbs or mushrooms is to put them in a
warm tea this one's a Coriolis PSP some
of these are a little hard to open up
just emptied a cap throw it away on
second one that's going to be race she
I've already taken five races today
earlier and so I'm only taking two right
now and I'm going to take probably
another four or five at dinnertime you
really shouldn't take much more than ten
or twelve of those a day because
according to mushroom sciences you can
only absorb ten a day although truth
told me to take three to six of them
three times a day just for that's what
he felt like it was was good for so I'm
going to do chugga I'm going to do about
two of these also
and we are going to do like Garrigus / z
and we want to look up all of these
mushrooms if you're curious about them I
if I have the cash I prefer to take
literally everything that mushroom
scientist has and it's interesting to
look around on the internet and see that
because these mushrooms are such a new
thing in in health well to the
mainstream I mean they've been around
China and some of the indigenous
cultures for a bit of a while but I was
interested to see an older book by wrong
tea garden from 1984 that didn't even
have mention of reishi and so obviously
it was unavailable back then this one's
cordyceps I'm taking four of these
because i love these in the beginning to
middle a part of the day cordyceps are
awesome really good for lung strength
and kidney jing so almost there and for
me this is literally the most perfect
recipe ever for a tea it's just so rich
so I'm going to do the coconut butter
now can't really take too much of this
just going to do a big huge scoop of it
and we go and if you wanted you could
play a lot more herbs in that it's just
a basic tea for me pull shoot some house
you will some astragalus whatever and go
on the blender again not again
blender up and so the wonderful thing
about putting the fats in there is that
if you didn't put the fat Sam would
bubble up in to be full of air the
coconut butter just kind of makes it
really thick and it doesn't really
aerate it and there's my mushroom
sciences and the decimal tea and of
course it's perfect that's not a
surprise this is Keith literal